---
layout: api-documentation
title : 'Get Edmunds Articles by Category and/or car make/model/year'
title_active_left_menu: 'Articles'
title_parent: Api documentation

amount_version: 2
title-endpoint: 'Get Edmunds Articles by Category and/or car make/model/year'
spec: articles
version: v1
api: editorial
dropdown-link: 'v1/content'


level: 4
description_edpoint: 'Get Edmunds Articles by Category and/or car make/model/year'
title_md : Sample Request
number: 4

---

###Sample Request 1

Get the latest article in the category ***vehicle safety***.

#### URL

	https://api.edmunds.com/v1/content/?category=vehicle+safety&limit=0%2C1&fmt=json&api_key={api key}
	
#### Response

	[{
        "summary": "Teens who are good drivers still need advice on protecting their personal safety. Here are tips for dealing with road rage, hitchhikers and other perils.",
        "link": "http://www.edmunds.com/car-safety/personal-safety-for-teen-drivers.html",
        "title": "Personal Safety for Teen Drivers",
        "category": ["vehicle safety"],
        "published": "2013-08-15",
        "content": "\u003cp\u003e Your teenager passed the driver\u0027s test with flying colors. You\u0027ve done enough supervision to know that there is a safe and sensible driver at the wheel. But now, as your teen is soloing, you\u0027re grappling with a new worry: Did you cover personal safety issues that come up when a teenager drives alone? Resist the urge to dive in headfirst. Teens are bombarded with rules and advice from every direction. While you may be eager to pass along your warnings, it\u0027s important to consider your delivery. First, don\u0027t discuss everything at once. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"You may be tempted to, but a long lecture isn\u0027t going to help,\" says Christine L. Schelhas-Miller, a faculty member in Human Development at Cornell\u0027s College of Human Ecology. \"Bring it up in small sound bites.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e For the best impact, match brief conversations with real-life scenarios. Delivering your cautionary advice about hitchhikers at home in your living room may not spark a teen driver\u0027s interest. But if you wait until you pass a hitchhiker on a deserted highway, your words may hit home. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e If you don\u0027t typically encounter a particular situation, such as carjacking, discuss stories on the news or talk about a hypothetical situation. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Another way to improve their interest: Let your teenager get a taste of the experience first. If your daughter is brimming with enthusiasm about driving solo to the mall on Friday night, lengthy instructions about parking lot safety may be unwelcome. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Instead, give her a quick tip, like reminding her to have her keys in hand. Then, ask her after the fact. She may admit she felt kind of creepy walking across the parking lot in the dark, and wants to hear your advice,\" says Schelhas-Miller. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Too many warnings may also inhibit conversation, she warns. Teens \"may not want to tell you how they really felt, admitting you were right.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Ready to talk to your teen? Here are six issues your new driver should know how to deal with.  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Be aware of potential carjacking situations:  Potential carjackers look for distracted targets to overtake, such as a teen fiddling with the radio at a red light. Driving with the doors locked and windows rolled up is common-sense advice. But also make sure your teen knows the best way to stop in traffic. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Leave enough room between you and the vehicle in front of you, so you can pull around them if needed. You should be able to see the ground between your vehicle and the one in front of you,\" shares Mike Austin, a retired police officer and owner of Never Surrender Self Defense in greater Philadelphia. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Carjackers will also strike by luring a driver out of their car: They\u0027ll bump a car from behind, or stage an accident. Assure your teen that a bumped fender is a minor problem. If this occurs in a questionable area, or if the teen feels uneasy, it\u0027s best to drive to a populated parking lot before pulling over. A person of good intentions will follow, while a carjacker is likely to drive off. Once in a secure area, if the teen driver is still uneasy, it\u0027s best to call the police and wait for their arrival. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Back away from possible road rage:  The cautious habits of a new driver may inadvertently annoy others, who may yell, tailgate or act in a threatening manner. Aside from causing a dangerous distraction, these encounters can quickly escalate. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The best reaction is to ignore the heated driver and seek distance, says James Solomon, director of training for defensive driving at the National Safety Council in Itasca, Illinois. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Pull over when it\u0027s safe to do so, and wait for the offender to get a good distance ahead of you,\" he says. \"Don\u0027t pull out as soon as they pass you; they\u0027re likely to jam on their brakes once they get in front of you.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Set an example for your teen by remaining calm and patient when you\u0027re at the wheel, and dismiss irate drivers with minimal reaction. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Stay calm and in public if you\u0027re being followed:  When a teen (or anyone, really) is driving alone, particularly at night, it\u0027s easy to be spooked. Be sure your teen knows the standard advice for determining if they\u0027re being followed: Make a series of turns in the same direction, resulting in driving in a loop. If the person in the following car makes all the same turns, be wary. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Never try to speed away or try to out-maneuver the vehicle,\" says Austin. \"As soon as safely possible, call 911 and tell them what direction you are traveling.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e If possible, your teen should find a lit, populated place to pull over and wait for police. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Maintain an exit route both in front of and behind your vehicle,\" reminds Austin. If there\u0027s no place to pull over, the teen driver should stay on main roads until help arrives. Turning on the hazard lights or beeping will attract attention. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"If needed, repeatedly drive around the same block. Do not drive to your house,\" Austin advises.  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  React cautiously to what appears to be an unmarked police car:  Any car can signal or flash lights, motioning for another driver to pull over. While rare, police impersonations do happen, so your teen should proceed with caution in response to an unmarked car. At the same time, they need to acknowledge the vehicle as possibly legitimate. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Put on your hazard lights and continue driving,\" Solomon recommends. \"This indicates that you know they are there, if they really are a cop. But if they aren\u0027t, this generates unwanted attention.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The best place to pull over is always a lit, populated area, where the teen driver should remain locked in the car. A call to the local police will confirm if an unmarked officer is patrolling the vicinity. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Don\u0027t feel obligated to your peers:  A teen with a car attracts attention. Classmates your teenager barely knows will cozy up to secure a ride. It can be hard for young people to turn down their peers. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The message to deliver is that any unknown person is unwelcome in the car, even another teen. And in most areas, a restricted driver license prohibits the teen driver from transporting non-family members. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Since perception is of primary concern to this age group, help your son or daughter formulate some responses to draw upon: \"Sorry, I\u0027m going straight to soccer.\" Or \"My grandmother is waiting for a ride.\" Or \"My dad needs the car.\" These answers give kids an easy out. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Be on the offense in dark parking lots:  Teens don\u0027t always plan ahead, and often park their car in daylight but return after dark. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Before you park, think about how long you\u0027ll be and what kind of neighborhood you\u0027re in,\" Solomon says.  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Tell the teen drivers that if they\u0027ll be returning after dusk, they should park under a street light. Walking back to the car with keys in hand not only prevents fumbling around for them, but gives them something to strike with if the need arises. Also, remind them to remain alert. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"This isn\u0027t a time to be on the phone or texting,\" says Solomon. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Don\u0027t sympathize with a hitchhiker:  An altruistic attitude is common among young people, but it can be dangerous, particularly if they\u0027re thinking of offering a ride to a hitchhiker. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e \"Ask yourself why that person is on the side of the road,\" Solomon suggests. \"Do they have a mental illness? Did they escape from jail? Are they a drug addict, looking to steal your car for money?\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Point out that although the hitcher appears harmless, and maybe even vulnerable, with a pet or child in tow, the reality might be quite different. \"Once a stranger is inside your car, it\u0027s no longer a safe place,\" says Solomon. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Teens should know that any time they\u0027re concerned about someone\u0027s safety, hitchhiker or otherwise, the best way to help is to notify the police. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  Balancing Independence With Caution  \u003cbr\u003eParenting is a careful balance of fostering independence, yet protecting your children. By recognizing what your teen needs to know and finding a good way to deliver it, you\u0027ll raise a young adult who\u0027s able to make smart decisions. \u003c/p\u003e"
    }]
    
###Sample Request 2

Get the latest article in the category ***road tests*** that involves ***Honda Accord 2014*** in an **XML** format

#### URL

	https://api.edmunds.com/v1/content/?category=road+tests&make=honda&model=accord&year=2014&limit=0%2C1&fmt=xml&api_key={api key}

#### Response

	<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
        <entry>
            <link href="http://www.edmunds.com/honda/accord/2013/comparison-test1.html" />
            <summary type="text">Edmunds pits the three freshest midsize sedans, the 2013 Honda Accord, 2014 Mazda 6 and 2013 Nissan Altima against one another in a four-cylinder face-off.</summary>
            <published>2013-04-23T07:00:00.000Z</published>
            <title type="text">2013 Honda Accord vs. 2014 Mazda 6 vs. 2013 Nissan Altima Comparison Test</title>
            <content type="html">&lt;p> Thirty-nine point-seven. As in 39.7 mpg. &lt;br>&lt;br> That's what the 2013 Nissan Altima 2.5 SV averaged over the course of our 116-mile Edmunds test loop, a route that includes slogging through downtown Santa Monica, ocean-view cruising on Pacific Coast Highway, semi-spirited running on Mulholland Drive and a steady 70 mph drone on Highway 101. &lt;br>&lt;br> But it's not just the Altima's 39.7 mpg number that's remarkable. What stands out even more is that the 2014 Mazda 6i Grand Touring and 2013 Honda Accord EX-L Navi averaged 5.1 and 5.4 mpg less, respectively, over the exact same route, on the same day, at exactly the same time, driven in exactly the same fashion. That, fuel-sipping friends, is big-time mileage. &lt;br>&lt;br> But it takes more than an mpg spanking to win an Edmunds midsize four-cylinder sedan test. &lt;br>&lt;br> Let's find out what it does take. &lt;br>&lt;br>  Fresh Faces  &lt;br>We chose the Accord, Mazda 6 and  Altima  because they're the freshest designs in the segment and, with four cylinders and automatic transmissions — continuously variable transmissions (CVTs) in the case of the Accord and Altima — they're representative of the cars Americans buy. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Accord EX-L Navi and Mazda 6i Grand Touring represent the top four-cylinder trim levels available, while the Altima 2.5 SV Nissan supplied us with is one rung down from the top SL. As such, the Nissan Altima 2.5 SV came in the cheapest at $27,005, even with its $1,350 Convenience package (one-touch auto up/down windows, sunroof, foglights). It's got just about all the goodies the other two have, including push-button start, navigation, rear A/C vents, rearview camera, a USB port and Bluetooth. But the Altima does without the latest active safety systems such as lane departure warning and active cruise control. &lt;br>&lt;br> The $30,785  2013 Honda Accord  EX-L Navi comes fully stocked with, yes, navigation (hence the name), leather seats as opposed to the Altima's cloth and a 360-watt stereo system, which makes the best sounds of the bunch. It also comes standard with forward collision and lane departure warning systems. &lt;br>&lt;br> The brand-spanking-newest of the group, the  2014 Mazda 6i  Grand Touring, was also the most expensive at $31,190. It sported leather seats (heated up front), TomTom navigation and a rearview camera, as well as blind-spot monitoring, rear cross-traffic alert and optional radar cruise control ($900). &lt;br>&lt;br>  Four-Cylinders Are the New Normal  &lt;br>Admit it. You're still pondering the Altima's fuel mileage. It baffled us, too. So how does it do it? Well, it's not through direct injection, as it's the only one of the three to still use old-school multiport fuel injection. Regardless of fuel delivery, the power outputs from this trio of four-cylinder engines are nearly identical. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Altima's 2.5-liter puts out 182 horsepower and 180 pound-feet of torque. The Accord's 2.4-liter makes 185 hp and 181 lb-ft. And the Mazda 6's 2.5-liter manages 184 hp and 185 lb-ft. There's not a thrashy one in the bunch, but the Mazda 6 was the loudest at wide-open throttle (73.8 decibels) and the Altima the quietest (70.7). &lt;br>&lt;br> They differ in the way they transfer power to the front wheels, however. The Accord and Altima use CVTs while the Mazda 6 uses a traditional six-speed automatic, replete with paddle shifters and rev-matched downshifting. &lt;br>&lt;br> Still, with such similar power levels, it comes as no shock that none of the three distinguished itself at the test track. The two CVT-equipped cars seemed initially baffled by a full-throttle launch, but once underway they quickly pinned the revs and held them through the quarter-mile on the way to 60 mph in 7.8 seconds for the Accord and 7.9 seconds for the Altima. The Mazda 6, on the other hand, was willing to spin the front tires, helping it get to 60 in just 7.6 seconds. (7.3 seconds  with a 1-foot rollout  as on a drag strip). &lt;br>&lt;br> The 2014 Mazda 6 remained quickest through the quarter-mile at 15.7 seconds versus the Accord's 15.8 and the Altima's 15.9. But by this time the Mazda's launch meant little, the Accord achieving a higher trap speed of 89.6 mph against the Mazda's 88.1 and the Altima's 87.7. &lt;br>&lt;br>  An Automatic for the Enthusiast People  &lt;br>The Mazda's six-speed is an excellent example of a true automatic. It offers smooth yet quick shifts, and it's not overly busy on long uphill grades. Plus it can be shifted manually via steering wheel paddles or the console lever and will hold gears right up to its redline. In Drive mode, however, the Mazda's gearbox is not as quick to react as the Altima's CVT. &lt;br>&lt;br> And that CVT is key to the Altima's miserliness. One of its fuel-saving tricks is its constant attempts to drop the revs as low as possible as soon as possible, to the point that it often feels like it's lugging the engine. But Nissan's engineers also made this CVT highly responsive, so as soon as you dip into the throttle for a tad more power, it responds immediately. The downside is sometimes we don't want 5,000 rpm worth of CVT fury to get just a bit more acceleration. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Accord's CVT, on the other hand, could easily be mistaken for a regular automatic. It's neither as "luggy" nor as responsive as the Altima, and therefore it's a wholeheartedly calmer experience. In short, it's the CVT for people who don't like CVTs. &lt;br>&lt;br> At 3,170 pounds, the 2013 Nissan Altima is the most feathery of the group by 117 pounds over the Mazda 6 and 187 pounds over the Accord. This no doubt helped its fuel economy numbers, which paid off not only on our test route. The Altima managed 31.7 mpg over its entire stay with us, while the Mazda 6 averaged 27.1 and the Accord just 26.8 mpg. &lt;br>&lt;br>  Comparing the Cabins  &lt;br>It's fun to throw around acceleration and fuel economy numbers, but they mean little if a sedan can't fulfill its needs as basic, everyday transportation. &lt;br>&lt;br> So let's start with the completely bewildering: the Mazda 6. Here's a car slathered with a complete redesign, yet its center stack is stale while its tiny, 5.8-inch TomTom navigation screen already looks dated. Other oddities include front door pockets only large enough for one water bottle, and air-conditioning vents that are positioned too low in the dashboard. &lt;br>&lt;br> On the plus side, the Mazda 6 has snazzy and easy-to-read instruments, and the utter simplicity of the HVAC controls makes them easy to use. We also like the lateral support provided by the Mazda's seats. &lt;br>&lt;br> Hop in the Accord and things look clearer. Particularly the superb 8-inch navigation screen, easily the largest and sharpest of the group (although it's also situated the farthest away). There's a pleasing mix of large buttons and knobs, and the controls exude the damped, quality feel we love. &lt;br>&lt;br> Some editors found the smaller secondary screen an oddity, while others thought the tachometer was too small. The front seats are flat and wide and lack the lateral support found in the Mazda. The cushions get surprisingly uncomfortable after a couple hours of seat time, and the center and door armrests are woefully under padded. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Altima splits the difference between the Accord and the Mazda 6 in terms of both style and utility. Its 7-inch nav screen is big enough to use easily, the controls are intuitive and while its center stack presentation isn't the most stylish, it just flat works. The tach-speedo combo is by far the largest and easiest to read quickly, and without question its cloth-covered seats are the most comfortable. &lt;br>&lt;br> That said, the center and door armrest coverings feel cheap and we question their durability, though the Altima's center armrest bin gets points as the most cavernous. As far as ease-of-use, we set an all-time Edmunds speed record for pairing our iPhone. &lt;br>&lt;br>  Take a Backseat  &lt;br>If you took a glance at the Mazda 6's sexily aggressive roof line and guessed rear passengers would pay a price, you'd be wrong. Other than a slightly more difficult entry in the 6, headroom was similar for all three sedans, enough to fit a 6-foot, 2-inch adult. The Mazda's shorter side and rear windows make things more claustrophobic, and the Accord and Altima both have better elbow room. &lt;br>&lt;br> It's a dead heat between the Accord and Altima for trunk capacity, the former at 15.5 cubic feet and the latter at 15.4. The Mazda's is the smallest at 14.8, but it's also the most uniformly shaped. Our own measurements showed the Altima had the lowest cargo loading height, the widest opening and the most width between the wheelwells, while the Accord was the worst in this category. &lt;br>&lt;br> The 6 wins for overall utility, its split-folding rear seats lying down almost flat with by far the most generous trunk pass-through. The Altima's seats weren't quite as flat-folding, and its pass-through a bit tighter. Meanwhile, the Accord's one-piece folding rear seat and miniscule pass-through seem more to satisfy a spec sheet than provide any real convenience. &lt;br>&lt;br>  What Can They Handle?  &lt;br>Even the most conscientious of us are late sometimes, so it doesn't hurt if your family sedan can handle a little giddyup. At our test track we found all three cars turned in similar, if mediocre, numbers. But they went about the task in very different ways. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Mazda 6 easily felt the sportiest through the slalom, with the most precise steering and fluid handling. It would've easily notched a better number than 63.0 mph if not for the most intrusive stability control system of the group. &lt;br>&lt;br> The Accord has quick initial turn-in, but the chassis allows lots of body roll, limiting it to 63.5 mph. The Altima benefited from the least intrusive stability system, and even with over-boosted steering, it garnered the fastest time at 63.8 mph. &lt;br>&lt;br> Out on public roads, where you almost never invoke a stability control system, the Mazda 6 is in another world. And a fine world it is. The suspension feels properly snubbed down, yet there's plenty of damping for bumps. The precise steering makes it a joy to flick through corners. In contrast, the floppier, loose-steering Accord is more a chore than a pleasure in this setting. The Altima strikes a nice balance between the two, not as tied down as the 6 but with steering that offers significantly more feedback than the Accord. &lt;br>&lt;br> And the Mazda 6's shiftable automatic offers levels more driver control than the two CVTs on back roads. &lt;br>&lt;br> When simply cruising along, the Altima offered the comfiest ride and the least road noise (62.2 dB at 70 mph). The Accord rode more firmly than its so-so handling would lead you to believe, and had the most road noise. The Mazda's oversized 19-inch wheels endowed it with the most jittery ride. &lt;br>&lt;br>  The New Champ  &lt;br>Although the 2013 Honda Accord topped the Toyota Camry in our last comparison, in this test the Accord just couldn't quite keep pace with the Altima. Its ride comfort, storage options, seat comfort and cargo flexibility are all a step behind the Nissan's. The Accord's excellent build quality, first-rate controls and superb nav screen just can't overcome these other foibles, and while there's nothing offensive about the Accord's driving demeanor, it's simply not as fun as the Altima or Mazda 6. &lt;br>&lt;br> Now if you like driving simply for the sake of driving, the 2014 Mazda 6i Grand Touring is a standout choice. It's unquestionably the enthusiast choice here, and makes no bones about it with its aggressive 19-inch wheels and tires. This is the only one of the three that makes sweeper on-ramps worth attacking. It's the only one we'd hand wash just to fondle its fenders. But while its exterior is gorgeous, the interior is far less impressive. &lt;br>&lt;br> That leaves the 2013 Nissan Altima 2.5 SV. Our winner is good at nearly everything, with only minor deficiencies. It drives well, has comfortable seats and remains quiet on the highway. It's no Mazda 6 in terms of handling, but it's at least somewhat entertaining on a twisty road. And even though it was the least expensive car here, it rarely felt like it. &lt;br>&lt;br> The mileage figures only add to the Nissan's appeal. Delivering almost 5 mpg more than the Accord and Mazda 6 on our test loop was no small feat. Then it followed it up by surpassing the EPA's combined mileage rating in city and highway driving. That's a rare feat in any type of car. Sure, you could find a hybrid sedan that's more efficient, but none of them put together the complete package as well as the Nissan Altima. &lt;br>&lt;br>  The manufacturers provided Edmunds with the Mazda 6 and Nissan Altima for the purposes of evaluation. The Honda Accord was purchased by Edmunds.  &lt;/p>
            </content>
            <category term="road tests" />
        </entry>
    </feed>
    
###Sample Request 3

Get the latest article ***Lexus RX-350 2013***

#### URL

	https://api.edmunds.com/v1/content/?make=lexus&model=rx-350&year=2013&limit=0%2C1&fmt=json&api_key={api key}

#### Response

    [{
        "summary": "Edmunds\u0027 comparison between the 2014 Acura MDX SH-AWD, 2014 Infiniti QX60 AWD and 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport. We find out which midsize crossover offers the best mix of sport, luxury and utility.",
        "link": "http://www.edmunds.com/lexus/rx-350/2013/comparison-test.html",
        "title": "2014 Acura MDX vs. 2014 Infiniti QX60 vs. 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport Comparison Test",
        "category": ["road tests", "fuel economy"],
        "published": "2013-08-19",
        "content": "\u003cp\u003e After a spirited romp on a twisty section of Mulholland Highway in the 2014 Acura MDX, 2014 Infiniti QX60 and 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport, one of Edmunds\u0027 more opinionated editors hopped out of the Acura and pronounced: \"Yep, no doubt, the MDX wins this test.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e If only it was that easy. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e How these midsize luxury SUVs handle themselves is only one small aspect of this comparison. We still needed to assess long-haul seat comfort, headroom, cargo room, ease of access to the third row, standard active safety features, fuel mileage, stereo quality, etc. The boring stuff maybe, but also the important stuff. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e That\u0027s because all-wheel-drive luxury crossovers have to do everything from carting the kids to baseball practice to picking up groceries, making Home Depot runs and taking the family on vacation.  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e So we jumped back in and continued on. There was plenty of poking, prodding, measuring, phone pairing and, oh yes, plenty more driving to do. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  The Class Standard: 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport AWD   \u003cbr\u003eLexus is out to change the way you think about its mild-mannered  2013 Lexus RX 350  via the new F Sport model. The F Sport package consists of firmer shocks and springs, more aggressive bodywork, contrasting white stitching on the black leather, aluminum pedals and 19-inch dark graphite wheels. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e At its base price of $47,895 (including $895 destination), the RX F Sport comes with all-wheel drive, Bluetooth, satellite radio, a USB port, 10-way power/heated/ventilated front seats, power sunroof and hatch, wood trim and lots of leather. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Options like a blind-spot monitor, a head-up display, 15-speaker Mark Levinson audio system, navigation and front and rear parking sensors upped our as-tested price to $53,924. One option not included in that price is a third-row seat, so the RX is the only vehicle here that\u0027s for five passengers only. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Its silky-smooth 3.5-liter V6 is rated at 270 horsepower, just like all RX 350s, and comes mated to an eight-speed automatic transmission with standard paddle shifters. Going for the F Sport package requires all-wheel drive, but its EPA fuel economy numbers are still reasonable at 21 mpg combined/18 city/26 highway. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  The Minivan of SUVs: 2014 Infiniti QX60 AWD  \u003cbr\u003eInfiniti\u0027s QX60 (2013 models are known as the JX35 which is what we used for this test; other than the name change, there are no differences between the two) is an SUV for those people who wouldn\u0027t be caught dead driving a minivan. You know who they are. At 196.4 inches long riding on a 114.2-inch wheelbase, it\u0027s a land yacht among these three. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e And the QX doesn\u0027t fake the three-row deal; it\u0027s the real thing, with enough space for adults along with a handy second-row seat-folding mechanism that makes third-row access a breeze. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Although the QX60 is powered by a 3.5-liter V6 just like its two rivals, it makes the least power (265 hp) while carrying the most weight (4,595 pounds). Unlike its two rivals, the power is put to all four wheels via a continuously variable transmission (CVT). EPA ratings are 21 mpg combined/19 city/25 highway. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The  2014 Infiniti QX60 AWD  starts at $43,945. Standard equipment includes heated power front seats, wood trim, power sunroof and tailgate, three-zone climate control, full keyless access, Bluetooth, USB port, satellite radio and a six-speaker audio system. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Our tester rang up at $57,435, but it was loaded to the gunwales with back-up collision prevention, blind-spot warning, lane-departure warning, radar cruise control and an around-view monitor with moving object detection, along with dual 7-inch color monitors behind the front headrests, Bose audio with 15 speakers, ventilated front seats, heated outboard second-row seats and navigation with an 8-inch display. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  The Driver\u0027s Choice: 2014 Acura MDX SH-AWD  \u003cbr\u003eSince it came out in 2001, the  Acura MDX  has been exactly what you\u0027d think the luxury arm of Honda would build: a family-friendly SUV with a frisky personality. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e 2014 sees the arrival of an all-new MDX, though it\u0027s not readily apparent from the outside. But underneath is a new, lighter chassis unique to Acura\u0027s midsize crossover. The use of new high-strength materials along with other weight savings contributes to a 329-pound loss versus the last MDX we tested. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The previous 300-horse 3.7-liter V6 was swapped for a 290-hp, direct-injected 3.5-liter V6 with variable cylinder management. Paired with a six-speed automatic with paddle shifters, the MDX SH-AWD gets the best EPA highway rating of this group, with EPA ratings of 21 mpg combined/18 city/27 highway. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Also new is Acura\u0027s IDS (Integrated Dynamics System), which allows the electric-assist power steering to be switched among Comfort, Normal and Sport modes. Choosing Sport also increases throttle response and adjusts the torque proportioning of the all-wheel-drive system. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e While the MDX SH-AWD starts at $45,185, our fully loaded Advance/Entertainment model, with navigation, premium Acura/ELS audio system with 12 speakers, ventilated front seats, power tailgate, blind-spot information, lane-keeping assist, radar cruise control and a 16.2-inch rear DVD screen boosted the as-tested price to $57,400. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Like the QX60, the MDX has a third row, though it\u0027s not as cavernous as the Infiniti\u0027s. In fact, the MDX falls right in between the RX and QX in most dimensions. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e       \u003cbr\u003e       Acura MDX   \u003cbr\u003e    Infiniti QX60   \u003cbr\u003e       Lexus RX 350   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Price as Tested:  \u003cbr\u003e      $57,400  \u003cbr\u003e   $57,435  \u003cbr\u003e      $53,924  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Horsepower:  \u003cbr\u003e      290  \u003cbr\u003e   265  \u003cbr\u003e      270  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      0-60 (sec.):  \u003cbr\u003e      6.8  \u003cbr\u003e   8.2  \u003cbr\u003e      7.3  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Quarter-mile:  \u003cbr\u003e      15.0 @ 93.2  \u003cbr\u003e   16.0 @ 89.2  \u003cbr\u003e      15.4 @ 90.3  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      60-0 braking (ft.):  \u003cbr\u003e      129  \u003cbr\u003e   120  \u003cbr\u003e      123  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Slalom (mph):  \u003cbr\u003e      60.7  \u003cbr\u003e   60.0  \u003cbr\u003e      62.4  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Skid pad (g):  \u003cbr\u003e      0.82  \u003cbr\u003e   0.78  \u003cbr\u003e      0.78  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e      Edmunds fuel  economy (mpg):  \u003cbr\u003e      18.0  \u003cbr\u003e   16.4  \u003cbr\u003e      20.5  \u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e \u003cbr\u003e \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  3rd Place: 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport AWD  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The RX 350 F Sport is confused. The stiff suspension shouts, \"I\u0027m a performance crossover.\" But its on-road handling isn\u0027t nearly sharp enough to make up for its sometimes choppy ride quality. The jumpy throttle doesn\u0027t do the RX any favors either, as it never feels natural, even with the most delicate right foot. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e In fairness to the RX, it is capable of some admirable performance. Its 62.4-mph slalom speed was best-of-test, though that was largely because its stability control system was the least intrusive of the three vehicles. The steering has heavy weighting and good initial turn-in, but there\u0027s precious little feel as you try to aim it around curves. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The abundance of body roll is surprising given the stiff settings. We also noticed that the front tires give up grip quickly in tight turns. And what was the most lenient stability control system in the quick transitions of the slalom turned into the most aggressive in steady-state cornering. As such, the MDX with its high level of driver feedback meant the Acura could slice away from the RX pretty much at will any time the road turned curvy. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The RX\u0027s V6 was the smoothest of the group and the quietest at full throttle. The eight-speed automatic, though occasionally slow to react, delivers smooth, subtle shifts. The RX easily smoked the big Infiniti in acceleration tests, hitting 60 mph in 7.3 seconds (7.0  with a 1-foot rollout  as on a drag strip), but that still left it a half-second slower than the Acura. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e It\u0027s definitely not all bad news here, though, as the RX proved fairly efficient, coming the closest of the group to matching its EPA rating of 21 mpg in combined driving with an average of 20.5 mpg overall. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The RX is also extremely comfortable in day-to-day driving. Its leather seats may lack lateral support, but in terms of comfort they\u0027re the best here. It also has the most luxuriously padded center and door armrests. And because the RX is a two-row crossover, it doesn\u0027t have to worry about the third-row compromise. So it\u0027s no surprise that the Lexus is easy to get in and out of, with the lowest front and rear step-in heights according to our measurements. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The RX\u0027s 80.3-cubic-feet max cargo capacity with the second-row seats folded shockingly beats the larger Infiniti, though it\u0027s still about 10 cubic feet shy of the Acura. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e While the F Sport is decidedly un-Lexus in terms of ride quality, the cabin itself is classic Lexus. The materials are top-notch with plenty of thick, padded leather. Aside from the flimsy radio knobs, everything feels substantial and precisely put together. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The 8-inch display screen has terrifically sharp graphics, but Lexus\u0027 computer-mouselike Remote Touch Interface is more trouble than it\u0027s worth. We would prefer actual buttons or a well-designed touchscreen. Without question, the optional Mark Levinson 15-speaker audio system produced the heartiest, crispest sounds of all the vehicles in this test. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Unfortunately the 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport doesn\u0027t have enough extra sport in its driving dynamics, whether in terms of handling or straight-line acceleration, to make up for the sacrifices in ride quality. This F Sport is a neat theory in principle, but it wasn\u0027t executed in a way that made us like it more than the standard model. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  2nd Place: 2014 Infiniti QX60 AWD  \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The 2014 Infiniti QX60 has neither the performance pedigree of the MDX nor a sport package like the RX 350. Rather, the QX60 is like an SUV version of Nissan\u0027s Quest minivan. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The largest and heaviest of this group, the QX doesn\u0027t take to twisty roads kindly. It was the sloppiest handler, both by instrumented numbers (60.0-mph slalom, 0.78g skid pad) and the ease with which the other two pulled away from it on the road. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Not that this was a huge shock to us, as the Infiniti carries 160 pounds over the Lexus RX and a whopping 270 pounds over the newly svelte Acura MDX. And you feel the Infiniti\u0027s heft as it flops from side to side on its soft suspension, this corner-wandering action compounded by overly light steering. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e What the QX does exceptionally well is go straight. Bumps? What bumps? With the cushiest ride of the group, the QX laughs heartily at road imperfections. The QX\u0027s cabin is such a comfy, quiet and luxurious place to while away the miles, it prompted one editor to quip, \"Kansas, we\u0027ve found your crossover.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Surprisingly, and despite plenty of nosedive, it stops the shortest of the group, too, with a reassuringly firm pedal. Sixty mph to zero took just 120 feet, versus 123 for the Lexus and a dismal 129 for the Acura. Of note, the QX is the only one of the three with ventilated rear brakes. They showed zero fade, which should bode well for long mountain descents. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The QX\u0027s interior falls just short of the Lexus\u0027 in terms of pure richness of materials, but ahead of the Acura, and the wood-trimmed two-tiered center stack is easily the classiest of the field. Plus, unlike the other two, the Infiniti allows all the major climate and audio functions to be accessed via the center stack, meaning you only have to go within the 8-inch center screen for little-used tasks or the navigation system. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e With a handy second-row seatback/cushion tilt action, access to the third row requires hardly any crouching or squeezing. And there\u0027s enough room back there for average-size adults to sit comfortably. It\u0027s a better overall third-row setup than the Acura, so if you need seven-passenger flexibility on a regular basis, the QX is your best bet. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e You\u0027ll pay for all that room, however, as the QX also turned in the poorest fuel mileage, averaging just 16.4 mpg during the course of the test compared to the MDX\u0027s 18 and the RX\u0027s 20.5. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Despite its large size, the QX ties the MDX for behind-third-row cargo capacity, at 15.8 cubic feet, and has the least max cargo room with all seats folded, at 76.4 cubic feet. But it also has the most load floor width between the wheelwells of the group, according to our measurements. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e For many, the QX could be the best choice here. It has the most people room, the best access to the third row, the most comfortable ride, the most user-friendly controls and, according to most on staff, the best looks. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e But we don\u0027t live in Kansas, so the QX finishes 2nd in this test. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  1st Place: 2014 Acura MDX SH-AWD  \u003cbr\u003eThe 2014 Acura MDX won this test not because of its superior handling. Instead, its win can be chalked up to finishing at or near the top in nearly every other category as well. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e If you care the least bit about the act of driving, the MDX is the one that will warm your soul. Its V6 is the most eager of the three, and it provides true aural pleasure. Not only did it storm to 60 mph faster than the Lexus and Infiniti, it was 0.5 second quicker than the last MDX we tested. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The six-speed automatic shifts crisply and quickly under full throttle, yet gives nearly imperceptible upshifts any other time. Unlike the Lexus, it will hold gears to the 7,000-rpm limiter when using the steering-wheel paddles and it delivers crisp throttle-blip downshifts. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e There\u0027s a noticeable VTEC switchover snarl at 5,000 rpm, but unless you\u0027re at full throttle in Drive mode the transmission does everything it can to make sure it shifts before you get to hear it. Blame previous MDX owners who complained of the noise. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e It\u0027s also the reason why there\u0027s plenty of sound-deadening material throughout the cabin as well, including three-layer acoustic glass for the front side windows. It worked. The MDX was the quietest when cruising at 70 mph. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e On paper, it appears the MDX\u0027s handling was aided by the widest tires of the bunch, its Michelin Latitude Tour HP all-seasons measuring 245/55R19 front and rear. Even with a healthy amount of understeer, the MDX posted a test-best skid pad of 0.82g versus 0.78g for the RX and QX. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Helping the Acura dominate in the twisty bits was its three-way adjustable steering. Our staff proved why this is a handy feature, as some preferred Normal, even through canyons, while others set it to the quicker-reacting Sport all the time. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e But its lackluster 60-0 braking number of 129 feet showed the MDX\u0027s handling goodness was more due to its fine suspension tuning than tire grip. And the weak brakes meant distances got longer with each stop. Pedal feel, whether on road or track, was spongy and uninspiring. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Inside the MDX there\u0027s a completely redesigned cabin. While the materials are adequate, they aren\u0027t up to Lexus levels and the design isn\u0027t pretty like the Infiniti\u0027s. One editor said of the V-shaped, black-plastic-dominated center stack: \"It\u0027s just plain dull.\" \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Which would be fine if it worked well. Acura\u0027s button cleansing from the center stack forces nearly every function to be done via the lower 7-inch touchscreen or the odd tilting/scroll wheel controller for the 8-inch upper display. The result is that even changing simple things like fan speed or adjusting the seat cooler level now takes no fewer than two actions. Even with the touchscreen\u0027s haptic feedback, it\u0027s a silly system. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Climate/infotainment aggravations aside, the rest of the MDX\u0027s cabin is excellent. The front seats, while not as cushy as the RX\u0027s, are superb in their combination of all-day comfort and body-hugging lateral support. The second row is quite high, though, with plenty of headroom, a two-fold effect that aids second-row leg comfort along with third-row foot room. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e   \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e Third-row access is a snappy one-button-push affair to slide the second-row seats forward, but it\u0027s still a bit of a squeeze for adults. Getting back out is more of a chore because the third row sits so low. The MDX benefits from a fully flat load floor, the lowest cargo loading height (according to our measurements) and the most max cargo room at 90.9 cubic feet. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The MDX managed just 18 mpg during its time with us. But in a comparison with the Lexus and Infiniti on the 116-mile Edmunds test loop, the MDX returned 22.4 mpg, versus the RX\u0027s 21.3 and the QX\u0027s 18.9. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  What\u0027s Good for the Goose...  \u003cbr\u003eWhether you\u0027re into driving fast or slow, straight or curvy, hauling a truckload of kids or maybe it\u0027s just two people going out to dinner, the 2014 Acura MDX SH-AWD does it all well. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The same can\u0027t be said about the 2013 Lexus RX 350 F Sport. It\u0027s sitting on a fence, trying to figure out if it should lean toward sporty or cushy, and it ends up doing neither well. Yes, it\u0027s finely crafted, but there\u0027s not enough \"sport\" in it to feel great. The firm ride will be a deal-breaker for some, as will the lack of a third-row option. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The 2014 Infiniti QX60 AWD is slow and inefficient compared to the Acura and the Lexus. But damn if it isn\u0027t the ultimate people-hauler. Probably why it\u0027s completely uninspiring to drive. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e The 2014 Acura MDX just had too many \"bests\" to be denied: the best handling, the best front seats, the quickest acceleration, the largest max cargo capacity and the potential for the best fuel economy. And without question, it\u0027s the driver\u0027s SUV of the trio. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e But more than that, the Acura MDX was the one we\u0027d most like to spend time in. It makes daily chores feel much less like, well, chores. \u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e  The manufacturers provided Edmunds with these vehicles for the purposes of evaluation. Due to the lack of availability of a 2014 Infiniti QX60 in time for this test, a mechanically identical 2013 Infiniti JX35 was utilized.  \u003c/p\u003e"
    }]
    	